README.md, before:

Addons Qubiq Odoo v.8
=============================

[//]: # (addons)

Available addons
----------------
addon | version | summary
--- | --- | ---
[account_banking_payment_export_filtred_invoice](account_banking_payment_export_filtred_invoice/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Filter invoice payment method
[bank_statement_validation_state](bank_statement_validation_state/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | New state validation in bank statement
[event_no_mail](event_no_mail/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Allow or deny emails from attendees of an event
[leads_notifications](leads_notifications/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Add notification when a lead don't have salesperson
[mail_smtp_force_from](mail_smtp_force_from/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Useful for mailservers without relay
[mass_mailing_date](mass_mailing_date/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Send mails in one especific date
[partner_invoice_TIN_validation](partner_invoice_TIN_validation/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Warning in the invoice if partner don't have TIN
[payment_dates_account_invoice](payment_dates_account_invoice/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Due dates in the invoices.
[payment_information_invoice_report](payment_information_invoice_report/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Add payment information in the invoice report
[product_order_point_autocreate](product_order_point_autocreate/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Create new orderpoints for new products
[project_code](project_code/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Assign one unique name (sequence) to projects
[reminder_base_reminder_phonecall_event_no_mail_qubiq](reminder_base_reminder_phonecall_event_no_mail_qubiq/) | 8.0.1.0.0 |
[sale_order_to_project_template](sale_order_to_project_template/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Creates a project from sale order
[stock_picking_delivery](stock_picking_delivery/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Creates the delivery cost in stock picking
[stock_picking_fixed_weight](stock_picking_fixed_weight/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Allows you to manually modify weights in the stock picking
[update_zip_data](update_zip_data/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Update all the partners with ZIP data
[limit_all_views_tree](limit_all_views_tree/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Changes the value of default registry of views trees
[annual_invoiced_forecast](annual_invoiced_forecast/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Annual invoiced forecasts on sales widget
[multiple_stock_picking_copies](multiple_stock_picking_copies/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Print multiple stock picking copies
[web_environment_ribbon_qubiq](web_environment_ribbon_qubiq/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Mark a Test Environment and delete mail servers
[disable_vat_check](disable_vat_check/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Disable VAT check
[virtual_machine_manager](virtual_machine_manager/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Manage information related to the virtual machines
[popup_notifications_mail](popup_notifications_mail/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | (Beta) Pop up when mail incoming by user
[qu_duplicate_grups](qu_duplicate_groups/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Allow to duplicate groups


[//]: # (end addons)

Commit message:

[ADD] Product_copy_translate_name

README.md, after:

Addons Qubiq Odoo v.8
=============================

[//]: # (addons)

Available addons
----------------
addon | version | summary
--- | --- | ---

[account_banking_payment_export_filtred_invoice](account_banking_payment_export_filtred_invoice/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Filter invoice payment method
[bank_statement_validation_state](bank_statement_validation_state/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | New state validation in bank statement
[event_no_mail](event_no_mail/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Allow or deny emails from attendees of an event
[leads_notifications](leads_notifications/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Add notification when a lead don't have salesperson
[mail_smtp_force_from](mail_smtp_force_from/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Useful for mailservers without relay
[mass_mailing_date](mass_mailing_date/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Send mails in one especific date
[partner_invoice_TIN_validation](partner_invoice_TIN_validation/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Warning in the invoice if partner don't have TIN
[payment_dates_account_invoice](payment_dates_account_invoice/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Due dates in the invoices.
[payment_information_invoice_report](payment_information_invoice_report/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Add payment information in the invoice report
[product_order_point_autocreate](product_order_point_autocreate/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Create new orderpoints for new products
[project_code](project_code/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Assign one unique name (sequence) to projects
[product_copy_translate_name](product_copy_translate_name/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Copy translate name to origin name for products
[reminder_base_reminder_phonecall_event_no_mail_qubiq](reminder_base_reminder_phonecall_event_no_mail_qubiq/) | 8.0.1.0.0 |
[sale_order_to_project_template](sale_order_to_project_template/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Creates a project from sale order
[stock_picking_delivery](stock_picking_delivery/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Creates the delivery cost in stock picking
[stock_picking_fixed_weight](stock_picking_fixed_weight/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Allows you to manually modify weights in the stock picking
[update_zip_data](update_zip_data/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Update all the partners with ZIP data
[limit_all_views_tree](limit_all_views_tree/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Changes the value of default registry of views trees
[annual_invoiced_forecast](annual_invoiced_forecast/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Annual invoiced forecasts on sales widget
[multiple_stock_picking_copies](multiple_stock_picking_copies/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Print multiple stock picking copies
[web_environment_ribbon_qubiq](web_environment_ribbon_qubiq/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Mark a Test Environment and delete mail servers
[disable_vat_check](disable_vat_check/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Disable VAT check
[virtual_machine_manager](virtual_machine_manager/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Manage information related to the virtual machines
[popup_notifications_mail](popup_notifications_mail/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | (Beta) Pop up when mail incoming by user
[qu_duplicate_grups](qu_duplicate_groups/) | 8.0.1.0.0 | Allow to duplicate groups


[//]: # (end addons)
